Update install.md (#4590)
FlowFuse/flowfuse: docs/device-agent/install.md

 - `app.flowfuse.com:443`
 - `mqtt.flowfuse.cloud:443`

> Additionally, ensure your firewall permits access to the npm registry. The Device Agent does not install Node-RED itself; when it receives a snapshot to run, it will need to download the required Node-RED version specified in that snapshot.

Reviewer: @hardillb do you happen to know what endpoint that would be?

Reviewer 2: `registry.npmjs.com`

```suggestion
Additionally, ensure your firewall permits access to the npm registry. The Device Agent does not install Node-RED at startup; but when it receives a snapshot to run, it will need to download the required Node-RED version specified in that snapshot.
```
